README.md, before:

# fancyBox

jQuery lightbox script for displaying images, videos and more.
Touch enabled, responsive and fully customizable.

See the [project page](http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/3/) for documentation and a demonstration.

Follow [@thefancyapps](//twitter.com/thefancyapps) for updates.


## Quick start

1\.  Add latest jQuery and fancyBox files

```html
<script src="//code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>

<link  href="/path/to/jquery.fancybox.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
<script src="/path/to/jquery.fancybox.min.js"></script>
```


2\.  Create links

```html
<a data-fancybox="gallery" href="big_1.jpg">
    <img src="small_1.jpg">
</a>

<a data-fancybox="gallery" href="big_2.jpg">
    <img src="small_2.jpg">
</a>
```


3\. Enjoy!


## License

fancyBox is licensed under the [GPLv3](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0) license for all open source applications.
A commercial license is required for all commercial applications (including sites, themes and apps you plan to sell).

[Read more about fancyBox license](http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/#license).

## Bug tracker

If you find a bug, please report it [here on Github](https://github.com/fancyapps/fancybox/issues)!

Commit message:

Update info about issue tracker

README.md, after:

# fancyBox

jQuery lightbox script for displaying images, videos and more.
Touch enabled, responsive and fully customizable.

See the [project page](http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/3/) for documentation and a demonstration.

Follow [@thefancyapps](//twitter.com/thefancyapps) for updates.


## Quick start

1\.  Add latest jQuery and fancyBox files

```html
<script src="//code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>

<link  href="/path/to/jquery.fancybox.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
<script src="/path/to/jquery.fancybox.min.js"></script>
```


2\.  Create links

```html
<a data-fancybox="gallery" href="big_1.jpg">
    <img src="small_1.jpg">
</a>

<a data-fancybox="gallery" href="big_2.jpg">
    <img src="small_2.jpg">
</a>
```


3\. Enjoy!


## License

fancyBox is licensed under the [GPLv3](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0) license for all open source applications.
A commercial license is required for all commercial applications (including sites, themes and apps you plan to sell).

[Read more about fancyBox license](http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/#license).

## Bugs and feature requests

If you find a bug, please report it [here on Github](https://github.com/fancyapps/fancybox/issues)!
Try to be as detailed as possible in your report.

Feature requests are welcome. Please look for existing ones and use GitHub's "reactions" feature to vote.

Please do not use the issue tracker for personal support requests - use Stack Overflow ([fancybox-3](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/fancybox-3) tag) instead.
